This week:

	1. I will start implementing a management system for my project (Jira)
	2. I will work in sprints creating burndown charts
	3. I will create tickets with subtasks
	4. I will create an AWS Amplify account and learn how to use the hosting / database / authentication
	5. I will decide which technologies to use in my project
	6. I will ask my manager how much code I can reuse in my project
	7. I will finish the architecture diagram
	8. I will finish the proposal
	
	
	
Proposal:
This week I reviewed Parthib and Ciara's proposals. They also reviewed my proposal.

Parthib's feedback:

*Overall
- Project functionalities (expected) are good, visible.
- Complexity is good
 
*Wondering
- I believe you have signed NDA. Is this project gonna violet that at some point in future?
 
*Missing
- Challenges?
- Any similar projects?
- Research?

Ciara's feedback:

Hi Mikaela, 
This is my feedback!
Project Description:
Good description of project. Explains what you will do and you gave a description of how you will achieve it. Also includes the background in the description of why you chose the project. In the proposal requirements it says to have a paragraph about the background with similar projects. Maybe you could add a bit on projects you could have worked on? Or researched?
Architecture Diagram: Good diagram, explains what is happening, lots of colour:)
Timeline: good timeline of stuff that needs to be done. Paul was suggesting in the last lecture that it would be a good idea to add a picture of a project management tool, like Jira which you said you were going to be using alongside the timeline?.
Technologies: Shows the hardware and software technologies used
Only thing that is missing then is the challenges. 
But really good project proposal so far!


Feedback I gave to Parthib:

Description:
It's a good project description. Maybe some more technical details could be added.
 
Challenges:
Missing.
 
Background:
Missing.
 
Architecture diagram:
Google maps API is duplicated. Otherwise it looks good. It's a bit confusing how the authentication will be done.
 
Timeline:
Missing.
 
Software and hardware: 
Missing.


Feedback I gave to Ciara:

Description:
It's a good project description with good detail about the technologies in the project.
 
Challenges:
Good description about the challenges in the project.
 
Background:
The ending of the background seems to have been cut off. Anyway, good background explanation.
 
Architecture diagram:
Not added yet.
 
Timeline:
Good timeline and good management system. Maybe some of the tasks could be split into smaller tasks to make the project steps clearer.
 
Software and hardware: 
Maybe some explanation could have been added about why they were chosen for this project.


Updated Architecture Diagram:




Each week, you should keep a record of what work you completed, what work you failed to complete, reflection on why your estimates were out and what you have learned from this.
Identify your requirements (Functional & non functional)
Planning and prioritizing project tasks effectively, and reflecting and revising regularly.
Dealing with project changes and challenges.


Work I completed this week:

1. Started implementing a management system for my project (Jira)
2. Create tickets 
3. Created sprints
4. Created an AWS Amplify account 
5. Decided which technologies to use in my project
6. Asked my manager how much code I can reuse in my project (he said it is ok to reuse the code I made at Genesys)
7. Finished the architecture diagram
8. Finished the proposal


Work I failed to complete:

1. I didn't add subtasks to my tickets yet
2. I haven't started to learn how to use DynamoDB or AWS Auth

Reflection on why my estimate was out:

Because I had to study for an exam on Tuesday of the next week.

What I learned from this:

I will take into account study time for other subjects

Requirements

Better planning
