Video:
https://youtu.be/xpGPtOHIGjM
This week I had a standup meeting with Mark, Ellen, Ciara, Dan, and Cillian. 
We told each other what we had worked on last week, what we were working on this week and if we had any blockers. 
Then each of us wrote the answers in a shared one note notebook.
So in summary, 
What I worked on last week: Research
What I am working on this week: I made the architecture diagram and I started setting up the project in my computer.
Blockers: None.


Standup conversation: 

Mark: 

what I did last week: Started preparing FYP content in a personal one-note will move to project-engineering notebook. Setup jira and set out a next set of tasks/features. Started trying to learn svelte. 

what I am doing this week: Starting my proposal and aiming to submit. Made a 5 slide powerpoint of the project to demonstrate to Michelle. Made a Figma account, planning to design a prototype simulation UI for battery config. 

Blockers: Researching system design. The python simulation api may need some json model-parameter data passed into it but it may be better for the data to be cached onto the api – this would avoid a slower simulations. 
Researching hosting options with AWS and Firebase  

 
Ellen:  

what I did last week: last week I researched into project ideas and areas of interest.  

what I am doing this week: I decided on a project idea and start to research into how I would create this project and what software/hardware I need and start to write my proposal. 

Blockers: No blockers 


Ciara: 

Last week I spent a couple of days researching what I wanted to work on. I had an idea that I wanted to work with AI but also implement a bit of hardware so I came up with the idea of a smart bin system.  

This week I am going to decide exactly what I want to use for my project and have a rough plan of what I want to get done by Christmas and have future ideas of what I can implement for semester 2. 

No Blockers right now.  

 
Dan: 

Last week I researched project ideas. I don't have a project idea yet but I was thinking about doing some AI related project.  I will continue to research and hopefully I will have a project idea by the end of this week. No blockers. 

 
Mikela:  

Last week I researched project ideas and I found a project idea that I liked, then I specified the idea and technologies that I will use. The idea is an AI education platform. 

This week I started setting up my machine and project, and trying some of the technologies that I will be using. 

No blockers. 


Cillian: Don't have an idea yet, Paul suggested something to do with AI because of Python knowledge from work placement. Also kind of want to do something with hardware. No Blockers. 
